Can hear you for what? Oh, no. Oh, no. It's my fault. Oh, no. I'm the problem. Hang on. Oh, no. It's me
Sorry, I was late. I'm setting up my texts.com
Have you have you seen texts calm? Yeah, okay, I've tried it. Oh big sigh and I don't know
I've tried that and I've tried a few others that are like it. Oh, there's others. There's alternatives even there was one
I feel this idea pops up every once in a while. Is it not good? It seems like the answer to all my problems
Okay, so here's the thing
Yes, it always seems that way and I think this is in the category of a tarpet problem. Have you heard of that concept?
I'm sorry. I'll let call it a tarpet. Yeah, no, there's like an entire category of
problems that are very attractive
That they seem like obviously attractive to founders to users, etc
And you'll just see them companies pop up around the exact idea over and over and I kind of wonder if this is a tarpet problem
where like it seems really obvious but then the company gets started and then it never
Ends up going anywhere because it actually turns out. They just don't take off
Yeah, but yeah the key thing with those is like it just keeps happening forever
So I kind of wonder if this is one of those
Those categories, but we'll see I mean people people seem to like it. I guess like it's free right now
I don't know if I would pay for it. I haven't used it enough to know if it changes my life
Yeah, but I guess if they made me pay for it. I'm not sure that I would so
Back in the day. I used to use something called pigeon. Do you ever use that?
No, so back when like things were simpler, but there were still a lot of different chat
Places like there was like aim like MSM messenger
IRC like all these different things there was this tool called pigeon that I would use
Like constantly I use it every day. I talked to my friends. Whatever. It was similar concept. We're aggregated a bunch of different
Different services into one single app. Yeah, but I
Just feel like things were simpler back then where like the differences between each service were like really minimal
whereas with most of these I found it to be like
Kind of janky. I don't know like it. Maybe they executed on it. Well, I haven't I haven't tried it fully. So yeah
I'm just I'm minutes into my experience here. So I don't I couldn't tell you. Are you happy and excited?
I mean, I'm excited right now
But again, I haven't I'm literally I'm just in the adding my accounts phase
Which I always like this kind of part of using anything
Like going into the settings like as soon as I start using anything new I go straight into the settings
I look at every single setting. Yeah, I'm one of those people. I know it's not everybody set it up
And then and then you never open the app again, and then I never open again. Yeah
That's so my personality - so what are you what are you gonna connect to this like what are it?
Everything I really connected everything. Oh, okay. I message signal
Twitter LinkedIn
Discord very excited about Twitter and discord being in one place I
Was just adding slack and then I'm like why am I adding slack?
I don't really use slack anymore, and I have no reason to still use it you can also add open AI which I added
Well, you got a TV from here. Yeah, that's kind of cool
and then
Facebook Messenger I added I don't use Facebook or messenger, so I don't know why I added it
But I I still have an account so I did it so it's a lot of things so would you so would you stop using the discord app?
I mean theoretically that's the idea right
like if I were
For going down this path the idea would be to stop using all those apps and just messages in one place
I would probably use the Twitter app less like I would see the timeline less. Oh, I set up your
Your one sec thing really does work. I haven't been on Twitter for a week
I have no idea what's going on, but it's really annoying when it like you think about opening the Twitter app and it's like that little
I'm not gonna take a breath. Yeah, it shows you how many times you've tried to open it in the last toy part
It's a crazy number right the numbers always wait. Yeah. How did I do that? Yeah? Yeah, yeah
So so here's the thing here's how it goes for me with these kinds of apps, right?
So I'll set it up somewhere to you. I'm excited at connect everything out of these in one place
But I can't actually stop using the discord app because we run our company through there. Oh
So there's things you wouldn't get like there's more to just
To these apps and just messages. Yeah, yeah, so that there's a whole bunch of things. I would still need a discord app
Then you look at something like so on my computer. There's two
Things I always have up which is slack and discord
like a dedicated spot for them. They're always there and
Then I think about okay, can I merge slack into here? No, I can't because there's a whole bunch of things that I
Me and Liz use it to manage all our house things. I use it. I have like all kinds of alerts going in there
Just because everyone has a slack integration and to me. I use slack as like a unified
Notification stream which I think it works great for email should be that but obviously email gets filled with a bunch of other garbage
So it's hard to control where slack you have exercise control over what shows up
So I still need both of those up
So now I have the third app that I also need up
So I feel like it doesn't really get rid of anything. It only adds yeah for me. Okay, I could see that
That's where I usually end up landing, but again, maybe not everyone is in that exact situation
But it's hard for me to actually remove anything with an app like this. Yeah, well, I'm gonna try
I'm gonna try like see how much of my usage is
Just DMS back and forth the idea of discord Twitter and I message being together is really compelling
Yeah, at least on paper. We'll see. Can you think can you imagine all the hacks they had to do to get items is working?
Oh, yeah, it's got a run like on your Mac in the background. Oh, is that how they do it? Okay?
Yeah, it's like it's running
There's a there's a yeah, there's another app called air message or something and it's a way for Android people to use that message, but
So obviously one option so just running the background of Mac
But they even have ways to get it working without that but involves all this crazy stuff with like
Getting an iPhone and doing all these like sim card tricks and it'll work for three months and every three months
You got like reset it and do this thing
I read that and then I was like, okay, I'm gonna buy an iPhone
Yeah, exactly. I used an Android phone for like a week
I don't remember why I think it was like I got an Android phone to test when we were building the
Stapuse app a long time ago. I wanted to test it on Android
And then I was like I'm just gonna use this phone and try life without an iPhone
I've had iPhone since the original iPhone like always been iPhone the eye messaging was the thing that got me
I couldn't I couldn't handle
Yeah, I just couldn't give away. I message. So that was it. I was back to iPhone in like a week
It's crazy. I was sticky that is I was so I've been using Android since
So all the way around for me like I was using Android pretty much since it came out
And I just switched to iPhone in the past year
And it was for two reasons one the iMessage thing was annoying
And I hate it. I hate that like that network effect is yeah
The strongest network effect example I've ever seen because it involves like a really expensive purchase
Yeah, so that was annoying
But it is a very good app like I love certain things they did that I don't know why other apps don't copy like
You know how they do the threaded thing where you like reply to a message and it like
Layer and you just see just those messages amazing way to do that concept like I feel like every
Chat option should just steal that
Then the other reason I switched was for a long time Android was
If you got like the Google pixel or like was one of like the ones that were like really minimal stripped down just the bare basics
It all worked
Very stable phones like pretty high quality
The past like two years
I don't know what happened like the quality that software quality has been declining like crazy like crazy amounts of bugs
Like just was not a good experience and I like don't use my phone enough to justify
It not always working a hundred percent of the time
So I was just like I was very I know I know I say I seem to get something that I know is
Not gonna annoy me ever and I don't know how to use my iPhone like I like don't use any of the features
I don't understand notifications work. I don't understand any of it, but again. I don't use my phone for much
Yeah, it's interesting to think of that perspective like I've used iPhone so long
I've seen features come and go or come along in iOS you know over a long period of time
Like you come again brand new. I wonder yeah, how overwhelming that is like you just ignore most of it
Yeah, it gave me a taste of what it must be like cuz whenever you see people that are older that like struggle using technology
And you're like how could they not get it so obvious
but it's crazy that there's such a difference between
Things getting complex like within your lifetime
We're like a simple version comes out then like they add one feature then they add another feature
I don't know if you're kind of growing with it super easy to go in that process versus just being dropped into something
It's like it you like can't really understand until you're in that position
I think about this a lot with web development and the software in general
I never felt like I had to really put in the effort to learn software programming because stuff
Just got complex at the same rate that I was gaining experience
Yeah, and I imagine like starting web development today and like
Learning all that stuff. It just must be
So much more difficult than it was for us. I would think so. Yeah, no, I
I don't know my powers going out. I have lights going out. There was a noise
rated
When I hear rated I just think like we're streaming oh, but yeah
The other kind of rating I've never been that kind of rated hope to to never be
Yeah, I want to revisit this it's funny
I haven't thought about this in a long time
But I remember like growing up thinking like watching my dad
Pick up our Nintendo 64 controller and just be terrible at video games
Like just couldn't figure it out
I'd like look at the controller and we were just so natural as little kids using that stuff
And I remember like growing up thinking like what's gonna be the thing when I'm a dad and I have kids
That I'm just so dumb at and that they can just wizz through
And I have an eight-year-old now like I've got I mean I've been a parent for a while now. I
Can't think of what that is. I don't feel like I'm bad. Maybe it's cuz it's the occupation
But he also doesn't play video games. I don't know like if you played today's video games
Maybe I'd look like an idiot. Maybe if I picked up whatever they use these days
I don't think you would cuz you had a whole call of duty phase, right? I did. Yeah, so that's okay
Hasn't evolved past that it's really like the same as that like I don't think I think it would be fine
Yeah, I also think about that. Well, so in this category
I was also worried about this cuz as someone that is really into tech
I don't want to like one day feel like the world is not understandable to me and that's yeah
Yeah, but I have my dad's good example because she we worked in tech and
It's funny that there's like this weird thing so one no he never got to a point where he didn't understand what was going on
In the tech world he's able to keep up with it continues to work in a like understands at all like so it wasn't like
The world got too complicated and he couldn't keep up. So that one fear is gone
But on the flip side
There was this weird dynamic where he like deeply understands a lot of this stuff
But he like couldn't figure out how to turn on the speakers and our TV set
And like but I don't think that's like a dude that wasn't really like him being overwhelmed
I think he just didn't care. He like refused to yeah
I think he was like yeah, I put my effort at work and that's where I like do all the tech stuff
Oh, I do so bad like just did not want to learn it at home
Like I always had to like fix it for him Casey gets frustrated with me sometimes because she does feel like I use my brain
So much at work that like after in real life like when we do stuff I'm just so dumb
Like I just don't do anything correctly and like I'll do things that just take a lot longer
And she's like you could just just think about it for two minute like you could have done this so much faster
I guess I could have wasn't thinking at all
Brain is off
And I don't want I don't want that to be the case like that sounds awful to go your whole like for your kids
I don't know. Yeah, I think their dad was just this idiot their entire lives
But it's hard you only have so much mental energy every day. I guess yeah me and let's have this thing where if I
If we like get something new and I'm the one that sets it up
For whatever reason that makes it impossible for her to like learn how to use it like so always go through me for the thing
Yeah, that's the thing right if we store a lot of our memory a lot of our knowledge in our spouses or in people who are close to us
That's like a whole there's a name for it. I think a paper probably there's a study
No, it is like when you lose somebody like when you lose somebody really close to you the part of it is
I mean, there's the loss and the grief with that but then also like there's so many practical things that you just don't even know about
Everyday life that they took care of like they took care of the I don't know
Balancing the check, but what are people doing? I don't know
Whatever people do in life. I can't think of a single thing right now
Yeah, like knowing you know what the kids eat like Casey is on top of their lunches
Like those kind of things you just store a lot of life in the other the other person
You don't have to learn those things or remember those things. Yeah, it's like a like doubly sucks
It's like you're dealing with lose someone and there's like all those random stress. They didn't even know exactly up. Yep. Yep. Yeah, that is tough
Can I can I totally change topics? Yeah? Yeah, first of all, I mean, I want to talk about like I don't know
What's been going on at like is there anything going on right now and tech Twitter tech X whatever?
It's called I just haven't been on for like a week and I want to catch up on that
But also I have a totally non tech and random question
You have tattoos, right just one. Yeah, just one this is one of my own tattoos
Yeah, does it have like a meaning to you? Is it just cool?
So many that's the way to do it. Let me tell let me explain the concept like the meaning thing with my tattoo
so
For those of you that can't see this I have two
Black lines around my farm. It's a pretty popular tattoo. You've probably seen a bunch of people. I've seen it. Yeah
That's what I thought of it. I was like, oh, Dax has that tattoo
I saw some energy just to have that similar tattoo. Yeah, go ahead
You've you picked like the woods and the race between them like I spent so much time like drawing it out to get the exact thing that I wanted
And whenever I see other people's tattoos that are some around like they went too thick on the top line
I know the mind perfect so
But here's a thing with this tattoo
I was once at a store as a jewelry store and I was I was looking for stuff and
The guy working there was like oh nice had to I have the same money rolls up his sleeves
They shows me the same one and he goes who did you lose? And I'm like
Nobody I just thought it looked cool and he goes, okay. Oh, no, there's a meaning to it
I got this when I lost my brother or something like that and I was like goddamn. I feel oh no
Just like I thought it looked cool and he was like I love my family member. Oh
He like he like was he wasn't friendly about it
He was like kind of giving me like a look and I just awkwardly left
Yeah, like you're not part of the club. You tried to be part of the club. You're not part of the club
Yeah, you don't belong. So for me tattoos. I like to keep them a hundred percent aesthetic
I just like the way they look visually. I think it's grabbing me into it is great. I just don't I struggle with that because I
Feel like I'm just gonna
Okay, here's everything I've talked about with it. If I look at all this stuff
I cared about five years ago. I just cringe at myself. I think it's true for most people like you're just like every five years you just find yourself
Like lame, right?
So I'm pretty sure whatever deep meaning that I currently ascribe to something
I'm gonna look as a clue. It's gonna feel like a cliche later interesting some stuff. Some stuff is some stuff is timeless. That's true, but
Yeah, I just haven't hit on something that's so foundational that I want to put it on my body
Yeah, so like if five years ago I would have gotten like, you know, the binary stuff written up my arm today
I don't care about program. I've been like full. I was I thinking
Are you thinking about getting one? So the jiu-jitsu community very tatted. I would say very tatted up
Uh, there's a lot of it and a lot of like my heroes in jiu-jitsu
Uh like people that are well into it brown belts and black belts
They've got like the full sleeves and they just it just looks really cool
Yeah, but I feel like to come up with that like a full sleeve
You gotta have a lot of ideas like
Into to really like they look cool on these people
I don't know if it would look cool on me and and then like the rest of my life. I have this full sleeve
You could go like half sleeves like a more long sleeves. I don't know. I just don't know if i'm a tattoo person
I have no tattoos and to start just because of jiu-jitsu feels like a kind of thing five years
Like maybe you shouldn't go jiu-jitsu tattoo the thing with sleeves though is uh, so you can go two ways
You can do what I do where I did where I had a very specific thing in mind
And I went to someone that could execute it really well by the way as simple as this tattoo is it took five hours
She spent one straight lines like that. Yeah, she spent one hour just drawing like the outline of the lines
So she can trace over it and she did she like initially did it and I was like that looks great
And then she spent another 50 minutes straightening it up and I was like
Wow
I paid a lot of attention to this and it came out great for that reason but other people go to just really great artists and they're like
Just just do your thing
Uh, and I think like let them come up with yeah. Yeah, like for sleeves. I imagine it's a lot more like that because
Yeah, like how are you gonna come up? I'm not gonna come up with it. Yeah, I might say I want this and this in it
But like yeah and oftentimes like they're built up over time. So like you kind of add to it progressively and to be clear
I wasn't saying I should i'm gonna get like the word jiu-jitsu on my body
No, I meant like in the
Something about in the ghee. Yeah, like when you see it's something about it
It just looks really cool coming out the bottom of the ghee or whatever
Yeah, it's funny because it does change your vibe a ton. So oh, yeah
I like forget that I have this tattoo like I've had it for so long
I like catch it in reflection once a month like okay that that was good
But I don't think about it at all
But I realize when people see me because it's so prominent and visible like that's one of the first things that they see
So they're like impression or like they're understanding. They probably project a lot of stuff into it
Yeah colors and i'm like that's really funny because I bet that whatever they're projecting is like extremely inaccurate
Like you don't think of yourself as being uh that vibe that you have that tattoo
No, they probably think i'm like like a really they probably like
Ascribed some kind of coolness to me that isn't they probably think you lost someone really close to you
I don't think i've ever known anyone that's died. So it's like i've not lost anyone close to me ever
Yeah, yeah, I mean I say that sounds awful
I've lost grandparents and they were close to me
But not people that are in my life every day like i've never lived close to my grandparents
So yeah, i've not lost like
Someone in that immediate sphere of influence. Yeah, and that's a fear of mine. Honestly is like
That I won't handle it. Well, I don't know. I think about this all the time. Do you think about that stuff?
Yeah, me too because I feel like a lot of people go through that young and they're like
Yeah, like they're tested
Yeah, the probably worse it is even for me with with pets, right?
I've had a I had a family dog that died, but he died after I'd moved out and hadn't really been home for years
Yep, then like so I I haven't even experienced that so I had that too. Yeah, so when someone zuko dies
It's gonna be like the first close pet that dies. I think it's gonna be from the beginning
Yeah, really intense and then like obviously with people it's like another level. So yeah, I feel like I don't know what's gonna happen
I worry that i'm like i've not been
Tested in any way on that front and like what if i'm a terrible greever or I don't know
I spiral into depression or I mean it would obviously depend on
The circumstances and how close up a person we're talking. Yeah, because there's definitely degrees
But yeah, no, that's something I think about all the time and I I think I
Did you do the personality stuff like personality test? Do you I feel like you're gonna be like those are dumb?
No, no, no
I think we talked about before but uh the time of the Myers Briggs or whatever
Myers Briggs or maybe this gets more
Thing anyagram. Yeah, yeah, so I think that's more I know true true
The thing with how we say is it Briggs Myers and Myers Briggs? I don't I always think it's Myers Briggs
Okay, I think that's right. We'll go with that
I am I have such a stereotypical personality that all of those personality tests are like insanely accurate
I have like a very standard like well-defined well-understood personality
Uh, so yeah, it's an intg
Type 8. Yeah. Yeah, you're a jerk. I know
Yeah, so whenever whenever I read those it feels
Insane it feels like magic that they're able to pinpoint these exact ways I think and feel but
I've noticed personality tests in general are very effective on on me. So yeah, there's something to them
But you think maybe not everybody yeah, I imagine some people it's like there may be a little bit more unique or that it can make some different things
Yeah, okay. I feel like I'm pretty well. I mean, I always have that experience of reading
You're probably an INTJ also. I would guess I am. Yeah, so Myers Briggs
I don't I don't know much about like what my personality is in Myers Briggs Casey got really an Instagram
So I know like I can look at people and be like that
That's a type 5 if I've ever seen why you chuckling me say that
Because like personalities
No, not necessarily. Uh, well eight. I mean like eight is like the people I know who are eight really good leaders
But very hard on people very like I joke and said you're an eight. I don't know that you actually are
I think that sounds like me, but it does. I mean the leading the the being hard
Uh, I'm a nine which is like peacekeeper. I don't like conflict
I don't want anyone to have conflict that I was a middle child
A lot of that stuff. Yeah, but one of the things about anyagram they go into like
Deepest fears for each personality type. I don't know how that can be like I guess
Maybe it makes sense that it would be tied to your personality that you're I don't know
But my greatest fear is a type 9 is the fear of loss
So I'm just assumed it's related to that that like I really fear losing like a child or a spouse that that kind of stuff
Uh, just sort of haunts if I ever go to dark places. That's where that's where I go
I try not to though
Try to just flood my brain with technology and jiu-jitsu
So I don't have time to think about this stuff someone should fake their own death for you so that you can like oh god
Don't do this to me next
Don't know so I could just attest run
No, no
You try
You fake your death. We'll see how I handle
Someone on tech twitter needs to do this where they like fake their death and they like rise from the dead and it's like this whole epic thing
That would be pretty awesome
That would be people would be angry and but yeah, I feel you could do it in a way where it's like
It's meaningful and deep where it's tasteful. Yeah, maybe maybe
Meaningful like we would all come out of it and say we learned so much more to life
script and
And tailwind
So can you catch me up like what's been going on? I may have you been active. I see tweets
I always say it'd be sstk version 3. I'm complaining about it. How do you have so many thoughts?
How do you how do you do every morning if you look at my tweet patterns? I'm surprised
That nobody has called me out on this, but I will post like four tweets every morning
Just back to back. Yeah, it's because
During my morning routine. That's like when I'm just thinking
I'm like doing stuff. That's like when I'm working out or when I'm like, uh-huh doing stuff with Zuko like my brain is elsewhere
So I'll just have like three or four thoughts and I'll like posting back to back in the morning and I like won't really post still
The evening, but it's like my routine every single every single day. Uh, I'm now. I'm just reading all of your tweets
Uh, it's just kind of stay on top of the next tweets
Uh
The stucy thing was that stucy the s you didn't growing up you didn't ever everyone
I haven't met a single person that doesn't know what that was and I like I I swear to you
I literally never saw it. I don't know how to draw it. Well, I do now because we were talking about yesterday
Uh somehow I missed it, but I grew up in america in the 90s in the 2000s. I was very prevalent
I'm my brother had like notebooks full of those. I don't know what the deal was me. What was I doing?
Yeah, that's so wild knowledge gaps are so fascinating to me. Yeah. Oh, did I ever tell you about my turkey chicken thing?
No, what was that? I ever told you this so I was in college a freshman college
This is just so like the Ozarks just thinking of like
I don't know education in a small rural area in the middle of the country
Uh, I made it to my freshman year in the big city of springfield
And learned that a turkey is not in fact a male chicken
I thought turkeys were male chickens
Chickens were the females turkeys were the males
And the way I found out was just very embarrassing
It was like within a week of also finding out what a cul-de-sac is we had no cul-de-sac in my small town of willow springs
So somebody was like, I'll pick you up at the cul-de-sac. I'm like the what?
The cul-de-sac. I don't know what you're saying
That is a really fancy word. cul-de-sac. It really is. Is that french? I think yeah cul-de-sac
To this song. I actually don't know what that translates to. That was a terrible french accent
I don't need my own spot in the road. I don't know
I love cul-de-sac. Here's the craziest part. I lived on one in New York City. How insane is that?
Oh, in New York, there's cul-de-sacs. That must have been in my street
The street that my building was on or at the end of a street in Manhattan in Manhattan. Yes in the middle of cul-de-sac
It was a cul-de-sac. It was great because when we call noober, it just pulls up and they call the sac
Yeah, it's a that's a far cry from what I'm used to in Manhattan
Yeah, like it's great. I mean, I don't drive but just the roads don't seem to stop ever
Well, I guess that's why we were right by the water. So, you know, it's the roads got to end at the water
Oh, you've told me this. I think battery park. Yeah, battery park. Yeah. Yeah
You're right at the tippy tip of Manhattan. Great place. If anyone's looking for an apartment in battery park city
Please reach out to me because my interest rates keep growing up
Oh, no, how does that work? Oh, it's it's an arm. Did you tell me this? Yeah, it's an arm. Yeah
Our interest rates now
New mortgages are like seven percent something crazy like that. Yeah, which is like
Are people doing new mortgages or is this just killed the housing? No, I think nobody is really buying or selling
That's it's so hard to get data on because I'm trying to I'm I need a constant understand what my apartment
Is yeah, how you that so I understand like what makes sense for me to do
Uh, but I can't trust the data because like the number of transactions that are happening are so low
So it's interesting the data wildly is every transaction
Yeah, what does that do to the housing market to the broader economy? Like it's as weird stalemate
It's like the naive thought is interest rates go up
Which means mortgages are more expensive which puts downward pressure on house prices
So you would think prices would go down
that's not what's happening because
Nobody is nobody wants to get a new mortgage
So nobody is selling there. Yeah, nobody's selling their house. So the supply is there
Uh, so I think it's like a weird stalemate and I don't think stalemates can last forever eventually one side is forced
Yeah, I imagine it sounds like like uh
The plates like earthquakes. Yeah, well those plates called tectonic. They're just like yeah
Tectonic eventually like they'll get stuck and they'll just kind of keep building pressure and pressure until it just breaks and then goes crazy
Yeah, like the pacific north west is due for that giant one. Yeah, you heard that
Yeah, I feel like that feels like the housing market is in that situation, which doesn't sound good
And whenever it does my current plan is uh, i'm gonna switch careers. I'm gonna get into
Uh, like bioengineering. I'm going to engineer the next covid covid 2.0. I'm gonna release it out in the world
Cause the cause everything is shut down again. The fed will have to lower interest rates
And then I can buy a house. That's probably as simple as path
That's simple. Yeah, really simple. Maybe not easy, but simple. There's just a few steps
It's the best option right now. I think of all options looking out that's the only way
It's gonna happen. Could you not have gone a more positive path? Like I don't know actually invent lk99 make everything in the world cheap and
Free energy as you said vision. Oh, right. Right. Right. Uh, did I hear murmurings?
Sorry, we keep talking about lk99 or I keep trying to
Did I see a murmuring that like maybe it's not all over? Maybe there's still a chance?
I don't know. I I go I haven't been keeping track of it, but I imagine that
uh, what stuff like this it's it's gonna be like
Conspiracy theory forever. I mean it's possible. But I mean with everything like this
It's always like maybe you can work and people kind of keep okay
I'm just gonna forget about it then. I don't know. Who knows. I I feel like it's
It's still too early to know. I mean, maybe it maybe it's not but
I don't know what stuff like this. You just never know. Uh, I just saw on twitter, uh, astro is launching all kinds of stuff
Have you kept talking about this? Yeah launch week. They're launch week starlight
They announced yesterday that they're now sponsored by vercell
So astros interesting because they are
I think they represent like the opposite extreme of how you can run an open source company compared to sst
Uh, so with sst to be honest. We don't do much of like the traditional open source stuff
We are like just trying to get the product to be sustainable and like build a company around it
uh astros split into kind of two different groups like one is
The foundation type part of astro which just manages open source part and then there's like astro the company
And they kind of separate their finances in this way too. So when they get this sponsorship from vercell
That's for specifically the open source part. So it's going back to community
It's getting reinvested in in all that. It's like not revenue for the company. Yeah, then that was there. That was our announcement from yesterday
Um, yeah, I wanted to point that out because people like I think a lot of people look at that and they're like, oh, they're getting
That's like that's a business model. They're getting paid by vercell, but it's not it's just like a bonus
That just helps them run the open source effort. Yeah, it's like set people who kind of like work on one of the other they don't
They don't necessarily like people at astro are either on the open source team or they're sort of on the commercial
I think they might flow between the two, but it's like I think there's people that are not employed by astro but still get money
Oh, gotcha. That makes sense. Yeah, but yeah, they're launching starlet. I think that they already launched it
Was that beta before? I think it I think it it I had heard of it before so I think it's been out there
But maybe it's the version one or something. Uh, so that's their docs template. So it's like it's built on top of astro
But it's everything you need to build good docs
Uh, I think we will probably eventually switch to this. We're using docusaurus currently, which is
Terrible. I hate it. It's been around a long time, right? I mean, that's yeah
And a lot of reasons like a lot of the stuff in our docs that aren't great
It's like limited by by docusaurus. I just so hard to work in uh is whenever I have a part of
My system that isn't a joy to work in
It just naturally gets less attention
Yeah, and then like when their docs aren't as good as it could be because i'm like
It's always a pain when i'm in there to do anything so I do it less than I should
So starlet looks great. We'll probably switch to that at some point. Cool. Can we talk about open source economics for a sec?
Yeah, like where is that today because I know the last few years there's been a lot of talk of like
How do we make it sustainable and
Is like github sponsorships the answer did it work? Are people now sustainable?
I don't really like people's approaches to this generally. I think it falls under the camp of
Okay, let's make it easier for people to contribute to these
Projects, right? So I think one idea
And this idea does make sense. Um, I like it as a concept
But I don't think it's going to fundamentally change anything
Have a way where you can just allocate a budget every month 20 bucks a month me personally 100 bucks a month whatever
And it just like gets attributed across like there's a kind of growing fund of people that are opting into this
I think that's a good thing to have. I think that's like a better form of the sponsorship system or like right now
I have to go remember to like
Individually subscribe to each each person
Um having just a general pool and letting like github distribute it. I think i'm
It's probably a better system. You're saying github distributes it automatically based on what software you're downloading and you just
You could yeah, you could do it that way or you can just have a general pool like nine different than how spotify would work
Uh, it's something it's a kind of issues with that as well. Um, I think people have talked about yet
like analyzing your npm dependencies and like
And distributing out based off of that. Yeah, I think that helps but I don't really think that like
That like moves in need a little bit. I don't think that really like
Solves this problem. Mm-hmm. I think
The reality is a lot of open source
I think if you are going to do open source, you need to understand how to make it sustainable
That's like your job as an author
And I just don't think people think about this where they don't feel like it should be their responsibility
You have to figure it out. There's a difference. There's a range of spectrum. There's a huge spectrum with that, right?
It might be something very small
Small project that can never be like in its own business
That's fine if mentally you're like, this is a small thing i'm investing in but it gets my name out there
The ROI I get is like from increased job opportunities consulting opportunities, whatever like you have a clear mapping of i'm working on this because it drives
This other other thing. Mm-hmm. Then there's like bigger projects, which you can just define a business model around anything that
Can still work? I think a lot of projects that like struggle with this
I like look at what they try and it's always just a call for donations
And I feel like you can think of something more clever than than that. Yeah, so I just think people need to that
People don't like this but I just put it back on the the authors like you need to
Just because you built something doesn't mean like the world has to make it sustainable like that
Just kind of is your job to figure it out. It's like part of part of the process. Yeah, I like as a consumer
I there's been cases where so there was this really
Pintura, I think it used to be called Doka now. It's pintura. It's just like really good image editor component like a javascript
component for doing like image cropping and whatever
Uh, it's made back on a rick. I'm blinking on his last name
But he's this indie developer and he sells it
As like a download like you just download this zip
And every time there's new version you're downloading another zip
And and then you're just kind of like dropping
The folder for your type of project if it's a react project or angular or whatever
He's got all these different folders and you kind of drop it in your project and that's how you consume the components
It's like one of those things where you'd really like it to just be
Where another mpm install like a dependency that you're just installing
But like there's is there really plumbing and ecosystem around like paid
Packages that you can buy because that'd be really nice if I could just pay for it and just install it that way
Yeah, I do think this needs to be a thing. So the the elixir founder
Uh at some point he left
Working on elixir full-time and I remember he initially was working on this product that was to do that
It was to help people distribute paid elixir
Packages. Yeah, uh, and he was like working all the plumbing and stuff ultimately ended up abandoning it
I think just the at least in that community that maybe the market just wasn't there
I think it's definitely viable npm just because it's like the universal thing like if you have front-end everyone has npm somewhere
Um, I think the team buying npm has not shipped anything good ever
I have I have so many problems with npm. I'm like, I just hate how much they control the ecosystem and how little is it owned by
Yeah, it's owned by magus off now
But like I just think it's like can we get some resources over here?
Microsoft could we could we maybe inject a little life into the npm ecosystem? That'd be great
So I think there is probably an avenue for that so replica has this issue because they are not an open-source product
They are a paid product
If you pay for they do give you the source just so you can like debug it and stuff
They had to invent their own plumbing for this like they had to
They like they make you get a license key and you kind of put it in your front end and they kind of track certain things
Yeah, they had to invent a lot of it
But I do think it's a really great model because they can
You know sustain themselves as a really good product worth paying for yeah
But ultimately it is code that just runs
Inside of your application, but yeah, I think I think you're right. It's that the plumbing isn't there
Yeah, because there's a lot of stuff like that that I would pay for that just makes life a lot easier
And even if you can't directly monitor
And I think a lot of cases you can't it doesn't make sense to directly monetize the tool because you want it to be as widely used
As possible. Yeah, I like for sst like we would never charge you for using sst
That's like not viable, but it's up to us to figure out
Something complementary that is valuable enough to some percentage of people
And we haven't like reached that yet, but that's like, you know, part of our responsibility to figure it out
Yeah, and I think a lot of companies just don't think about that side of it or just projects don't think about that side of it
I think they like suddenly one day they're like wait. We're not making money. Like what do we do?
And there's they weren't like building towards anything, you know
Yeah, it's like a lot of people use our open source thing
We should be entitled to like sustainability
Not like entitled, but that it's kind of an afterthought as opposed to it's like a surprise that
Yeah, and it needs to be baked in and it's not
Evil or bad. I think it actually makes a product better when you're when you think about things in this way
Yeah, and that's true sustainability because
People are choosing to pay for a service and they're getting value of the service and it should be among
A large number of people. It's not just like one giant corporate sponsor that could just decide one day
Hey, like we don't care about this anymore or like we're cutting costs. Whatever. I think I've seen that a lot when it's kind of just
That's our one thing's a good example. Honestly because it's it was just one company really sustaining it
And the moment they had
Some issue that was unrelated to anyone else using it now suddenly all this chaos is happening around the project. So yeah
Yeah, why don't you be among the money's coming from like a large number of sources. It's
I think it's better. Yeah, I hate just rehashing the same things over and over but has there been any breaking
Developments on the hashi corp stuff. Well, it's funny because uh fireship made it
Oh, we did the juice. I don't know if he saw it, but it was in his like weekly code report thing and he talks about uh
The stuff that happened there
At the end he spends one minute being like
Do not steal from these big corporate companies do not go to this github repo and star
I repeat do not go to this exactly repo and do not star this thing
And then they uh they posted the star chart and it's like in like like 10x overnight
Yeah, that was great. That was funny. Uh, so I think yeah, it's it's continuing. That's an interesting conversation
In itself is just the influence of like someone like fireship
I mean these big youtubers like what they can really do with their influence
That's awesome. Yeah, I'm locked a lot. Yeah, I posted about this
And people most people you know, so you saw my thing. I posted about like
Just the things that happened like they made it this
Yeah, they changed a license and open TF came up, etc
There were people really upset at me for that. Oh for that tweet
Not a lot, but there was like two people being like this is like a bs attempt is not going to go anywhere
Someone was really like they're doing everything in private. They haven't even open sourced the code yet
Like where they're contributing. He was just asking for all these things and I really replied to him being like
It's been three days like they thought it's three days ago. Like what are you expecting out of something?
It's three days old. Yeah, they're trying to pick discord or slack right now like
Yeah, but people are like, I don't know. I don't get why this drew
Are there are they like so loyal to hashie quirk that they're just like upset about this. I can't imagine that like I don't
I like no emotion around around the company. Like I know right they made this thing great
Like whatever. I can't imagine being like so loyal to this random company. I just want to use the tool
You know people were angry. Yeah, I I don't have any terraform experience
But is it weird that this has made me want to look into terraform?
Like this bad publicity is good any publicity is good that kind of thing
I think I didn't get made a lot of you want to look into terraform more because you realize
Oh, there's like all these people using this thing and like it's actually
People are like upset about this. You can use it enough. They're upset about this
There's all companies that are built on top of this. So I think yeah, I think it's it's probably good for terraform overall
Yeah, you should check it out. It's it's really great
Yeah, you can do stuff with like because everything I've used from like an infrastructure is code standpoint
it's very centered around like
Just your cloud infrastructure, but with terraform you can do like github repos
There's all kinds of outside
Ancillary things you can loop into your yeah anything that has an api and you want it terraform lets you manage it declaratively
Yeah, so that's that's all they do. They transform like an imperative api. It is something declarative
Yeah, when I first discovered I didn't I initially didn't get it like with everything someone was like
I was doing Kubernetes stuff. I was managing my yaml files
And they were like, oh, you choose terraform instead and I didn't get it because I was like I can already just apply
My yaml files. Yeah, my cluster like why do I need something else? Uh, but then what what clicked for me was
Oh
When I run my business and I build anything
There's like all this time spent where i'm in going into a ui somewhere and clicking a bunch of stuff is totally undocumented
Um, i'm like setting up rci tool where i'm doing all this these different things are understood that okay terraform is a way to just
Never log into a ui again. Yeah
Kind of caught a bunch everything through code. Yeah, and then that way
It's all documented and if someone can recreate it and people can just read it to understand what's going on
Yeah, so just managing everything that way is great. I really want to find like a really elaborate
Terraform setup from like an organization that's made it open source where I could see like the kind of things
Yeah, people pull off with this because my mind's racing now with all the possibilities
Yeah, it was great because uh once you know it when you enter a new company
You can just go read their terraform files understand what they're doing like when I joined
Yeah, the last company. I was at uh, I didn't have to talk to the DevOps guy at all
I just went and read all the terraform files and I was like, okay
I get exactly what's going on and that was it because I understand how to read those
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Is it weird that like the last few weeks every Tuesday and Thursday?
I forget that we have a podcast until you're like you ready today. I'm like, oh, yes
I am in fact, I mean, I am ready, but i'm just always ready. You know, you just gotta stay ready
Stay ready
I think you should get a tattoo. I'm always encouraging people to get tattoos
Yeah, I just don't know if it's my vibe
I just don't know if like I'll regret it because I don't seem like a tattoo person
Like the people who have all these tattoos are very like hardened individuals and i'm a pretty soft
I think you're projecting. I think you're projecting stuff. That's kind of what i'm saying
Like I think people project a lot of stuff into that. Yeah, of course people regret tattoos
I don't think you're gonna regret your first tattoo
Okay, because you're gonna think about it a lot and it's gonna be just my last tattoo
Point here's what I see tattoos are very addicting as soon as you get one
You're like, I want to get another I want to get another the ink goes to the brain actually now now that i'm saying that i'm like
You want another tattoo? You're the type no you're the type of person that would get really into it
No, yeah
I'll just be tattooed all over the face people like spend like a year thinking about their first one
Then they spend like a week thinking about their next one. They spend like a day thinking about their next one
Yeah, so I feel like your the regrets are like later or like if you get them when you're drunk
I don't know. Yeah, that wouldn't be good. My mom got a tattoo. She got a tattoo for mother's day a few years ago
Yeah, to me is really crazy because she's like
Again, you just project a lot of stuff into the act of getting a tattoo like yeah
He's not someone that would ever I would have ever guessed would get it remotely
Would do something like that, but yeah, she got one and it wasn't a big deal
So I'm taking private digital lessons from a brown belt who's awesome and he owns a tattoo parlor
So I feel like yeah, there's this inevitable crossover where I'm gonna be like after a private lesson
I'm like, hey, can we just top in the shop and just
Cat me up real quick. Have you ever
Thought about what you would get if you got one? I feel people generally have a rough idea
So this is gonna sound dumb, but this is this goes way back
So I have thought about if I were ever gonna get a tattoo. This is way prior to five years ago
I wouldn't regret it
It does feel a little like I have all these weird crossovers with Japanese culture without being a weeb
I have a lot of weeb characteristics
Uh, that's not derogatory, right? That's just a white guy who's really into only to yourself. Okay
It's the kind of insult I'm here for just the ones that are insulting to myself
So I I don't like I'm learning Japanese. I don't watch anime
Okay, so I feel like I can't be a weeb if I don't even know what anime is
I've never watched a single second of anime. So okay, uh
The word in japanese uh kaisen have you heard of the word kaisen? You surely have
I've heard a bunch like this. Oh, it's always like stuff is named that
Yeah, and it's a lot of times it's in like business operations that people that's really I think toyota popularized the term
Oh, right. Okay, but the term itself just it's basically just mastery. It's just like
long term improvement over like
Your entire lifetime like trying to achieve things
You'll never be perfect, but you're gonna continually get better. It's that idea. It's just mastery
I love like anything that's got like a clear progression anything that I can just like throw myself into and see the improvement
So that was like the one thing I ever thought about getting was the word kaisen or probably in japanese characters
But then I'm going full full
Weeb path if I have japanese characters tattooed up about it, right?
What's tough about that is your reason for getting it is
Deep and personal and like that makes a lot of sense
The problem is getting Asian characters is like the most cliche
Yeah, so you're screwed with this so you I don't think you can actually do that. Yeah, probably not
I think there's a lot of Asian characters on jiu-jitsu bodies. I will say that
So it's even more cliche within jiu-jitsu
There's just like everybody takes off their ghee and they've got it like down there spying, you know, like some word in japanese
Yeah, there's some really crazy. I'll send you some stuff later. There's some really crazy if you like look into
Really really high-end tattoo places
They're effect they're effectively like like some of the crazes art you'll ever see
They just happen to be on people's bodies and those just have the places where you go in and you don't even you're not even
You can't even say what you want. They just go and they do a random thing
Like they just oh man now you're making me really want to tattoo when you said high-end I was sold immediately
Luxury. Yeah
And like it's fine because every single thing they do looks looks amazing
it's like just some of the craziest image you have ever seen and it is and when I say these people think like
maximalists like large like complicated tattoos. It's not necessarily that sometimes it's like a very minimalist just like well executed thing
Yeah, it's uh, it's a crazy world and those people are so so talented and it's weird because like how do you get good at it?
You have to practice on yourself. Oh, right? Like you're not
Like who's gonna let you practice on that? How do you practice touch? Oh interesting
I mean, I guess you could be really good. Just pen and paper up front like just a good artist
Yeah, I guess it yeah, that's where it starts but still like there's still like the practice of like how they ain't goes in the skin
Yeah, I would take on yourself just do it interesting. I didn't know they did their own tattoos. Yeah, I would assume
That would be hard. It's just like how we'll see I got is there like synthetic
Maybe humans that you can maybe get like uh like cadavers. Oh jeez. Oh that oh no
Just imagining cadavers being pulled in the back of a tattoo parlour. That's just a terrifying idea
Yeah, yeah, I don't think that's the thing. I imagine there's like more important uses
Yeah, rightovers that they go to first. It's reminds me a funny story. So my last company again
We built software for mostly salons, but any appointment based business. It made sense for so we had this one company
I forgot the name of the company, but the reason they were significant is uh, they would often crash
They were often like crash certain things in our system. This was before basically this company wasn't using serverless obviously
But they were like hit us with like crazy amount of load and we'd always have to like kind of
Scale things and kind of and deal with that
And the reason why is because they were this
Business that gave you these tattoos that would go away after a year
So they're not like temporary tattoos that wash away, but you can like try it out for
And it looks just like a normal tattoo and you can try it out for like
a pretty long time
Always sold out like crazy
Doing so well like just always sold out like just crazy appointments
The reason they would crash is they would like open up their bookings
Like once a month or whatever and it would just be like a ton of people hitting their booking widget and uh
And yeah, I forgot the name of the they have a good name a femoral tattoo
Maybe there might be more than there might be more than one now, but I don't think it was necessarily them
Not that one necessarily. Oh, I'm so into this idea. It's like
Long-term regret. Yeah, I can just try it. Oh, I love it
Uh, how do you do it? They just have one location though. Like you have to go there
They last for a year and then they fade
Do I do it? Chicago DC, New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Houston. Ever been to Houston, Texas
Which ones are close to you? No, I've never been to Houston. Probably Houston, Texas
It's not a great city. I'm sorry everyone who lives in Houston
Or at least my experience was not the best
What was why is it bad just there? It was just it was for one like maybe we just had a bad spot with our hotel
But it was like getting to the hotel off the highway. It was just a nightmare
Just felt like I don't know
It we went there for a super bowl one year like stat mu stuff. We recorded some people. I think I can't remember
Uh, yeah, it was uh, it was not my favorite city. I don't know the whole experience
There's just like the armpit of America. I don't know. Sorry everyone in Houston. Maybe I was just in a bad spot
Well, there's that classic quote. I think sometimes he Williams. It was uh
Uh, america only has three great cities and everywhere else is cleveland
That kind of sounds like what you were I mean, I enjoy cleveland. I did not enjoy houston
But one thing i'm we're plant-based eaters
So like I judge a lot of cities based on american access to like plant-based food and there was not a lot of options in houston
This was like eight years ago probably so maybe it's gotten better most cities have gotten better in eight years
this reminds me of something so uh
last year
I've got what magazine some big magazine times that wasn't that it wasn't time
There's another magazine with the word time in it. I forgot what it was timed out time out something like that
Uh, they did 30 they like listed the 30 best neighborhoods to live in in the world. Oh, yeah
And my neighborhood was was listed in there. Are you kidding me top 30 in the world?
Yeah, I mean again, let's like any magazine magazines make these lists like who knows, but they like surveys still
like 20 000 people or something
Uh, and at first I was like, yeah, that's right. My name words. Awesome. And I was like
No, I don't own my house here. I don't want more people moving
I don't want people moving and driving up. Yeah, I was like, I gotta like it just stressed me out
I was just like I don't want people knowing like I really really love my neighborhood
And it is nice and I see why it's placed on that list like that. But
Right now it's definitely underrated and I don't want
Both to overrated
Literally in a top 30 in the world neighborhood list. I don't think you can be underrated
And be in the top 30 and prior to that it was underrated. But now now it's correctly rated
And soon you're already overrated
That's funny. I feel like we've got a really great spot. I mean just in terms of our kids ages
We've got this whole backyard situation where we have like five backyards joined that all the kids got fun
It's great. Yeah
But I mean and we've got the one gig up and down
That's the one thing I come back to is like if I lived in the Ozarks and I was stuck on like, I don't know terrible internet
10 meg or something
Then I would be looking for a way. It's amazing. You get one gig up also. I know one gig up and down
Never had symmetrical. Yeah, it's awesome. The fiber literally terminates in my office closet. Like 10 feet away from me
You love saying that you love you
So much you're always like the fiber terminates
It terminates right here. I see the fiber cable if I just open that door. It's right there
All the time uh your switch overheated and shut off
Oh, yeah, it was it was my uh the adapter
The ethernet adapter that takes my 10 gig internet
I'm not even using my 10 gig anymore
Or my 10 gig ethernet connection
Because the little thing won't it just overheat
and I'd rather have 300 meg consistently than
10 gig
intermittently
Yeah
Well, it's because you shove it in a closet and it just overheats. Yeah, it's hot in there. Yeah, it's really yeah poor adapter
It's really it's not that's not the adapter's fault. It's doing its job
All right, so I got a book a an appointment here in chicago to go get a temporary tattoo
Well, you got to figure out what you're getting because I don't I don't know if that kaizen thing is gonna work out
No, I'm not gonna do that. I'm just gonna be like do whatever you want to do. Just here's my arm. It's just a year
Oh, where would you get it? You think the form?
I think the forearm is like the perfect spot
I think that's the best spot for a tattoo. You can save it for your best idea
Can you do like uh like I really wanted to come down
Up to the wrist so you can see it under the key
So if you do a sleep, can you just do a farm sleeve and not have your upper arm?
I know people that just have the wrist. It's just here. Oh, really?
Yeah, there's a guy's to play sports with that had a really cool like wrist
Situation going on interesting so it would look like I have a sleeve
But it's really just like this little baby. It's like I clip on tight. Yeah, exactly
I love this idea. Okay. I'm just gonna get my wrist only is your tattoo ephemeral. You're just gonna get it
This is gonna be on the wrist. Yeah
Yeah, well
I gotta see pictures of people after a year that it really is completely gone and not just like super faded
This has been a long one. I mean for just like me and you hanging out. We didn't have anybody on
So now I wasn't I wasn't even streaming it. Oh, this reminds me. Oh, we didn't even stream it. Yeah, I forgot to I have a
Weird idea. I'll try to get it working
But I really think that the twitter space's idea is like a clever hack. Oh
We could do this. Yeah, so like because just because like it twitter like features it so much and it's so
Yeah, like alerts anyone. What's my fault? We definitely do twitter spaces. Yeah, we don't need video. Okay, but how do we
What's like the best way to do it because like twitter doesn't let you connect
You can only listen on desktop. You can't like right on desktop. Yep
So I'm trying to just get an android emulator running
I'm a computer people do that. Yeah, then I can just route my audio through there
I've got cables that can route from my audio interface into my phone. So that's how I used to do
That first podcast wait, wait, wait, wait. So I can do that too because my interface supports that
But what is it? Is it like into your lightning port? Yeah, it's like two adapters
So it's it's like the cable. It's like a balanced pair that comes out like 3/4 inch or whatever comes out of the audio interface
turns into
I'll have to send you all the products. It's like it turns into
The one there's like three and there's four posts and you have to get the right one
But I have to use two different adapters to get to the right thing to be the right lightning. Okay thing
I'll send it to you. I'll send you everything. Yeah, that's maybe a smarter option
I mean, we would both have to just pipe our audio separately. I guess and it would just yeah, but that would work
Yeah, oh twitter space. We totally need to do the podcast on twitter space
That's where you do it because when you first did AWS I found that's how everyone found it
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah
Oh, I love it. I was I wasn't even thinking about twitter spaces because it's not video
But we don't need faces on it. They need to just merge twitter spaces and twitter live. Whatever. Yeah, I think I think they will. It's too obvious
Yeah, makes sense
If it's too obvious, they probably won't though, but we'll see
All right, all right, I've got work to do tattoos to get and plan
Planed tickets to fun. Yeah, exactly